gRPC multithreading example (#26866)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/services.md

If a gRPC method starts background tasks that use these types, it must complete the tasks before the gRPC method exits. Continuing to use the context, stream reader, or stream writer after the gRPC method exists causes errors and unpredictable behavior.

> In the following example, the server streaming method could write to the response stream after the call has finished:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the server streaming method writes to the response stream after the call has finished:
```

Author: I'll leave it as "could write" because it's not certain what will happen.

```csharp
public override async Task StreamingFromServer(ExampleRequest request,
    IServerStreamWriter<ExampleResponse> responseStream, ServerCallContext context)
{
    _ = Task.Run(async () =>
    {
        for (var i = 0; i < 5; i++)
        {
            await responseStream.WriteAsync(new ExampleResponse());
            await Task.Delay(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(1));
        }
    });

    await PerformLongRunningWorkAsync();
}
```

> The solution is to await the write task before exiting the method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the previous example, the solution is to await the write task before exiting the method:
```
